com/example/tazpitapp/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
com/example/tazpitapp/DummyContent.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.DummyContent
 com.example.tazpitapp.DummyContent$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.DummyContent$DummyItem
com/example/tazpitapp/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.tazpitapp.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/tazpitapp/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/tazpitapp/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/example/tazpitapp/assistClasses/dayTime.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.assistClasses.dayTime
com/example/tazpitapp/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 com.example.tazpitapp.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
com/example/tazpitapp/SceneriosDetailActivity.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosDetailActivity
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosDetailActivity$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosDetailActivity$2
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosDetailActivity$3
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosDetailActivity$4
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosDetailActivity$5
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosDetailActivity$5$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosDetailActivity$6
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosDetailActivity$7
com/example/tazpitapp/AboutActivity.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.AboutActivity
com/example/tazpitapp/constants.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.constants
com/example/tazpitapp/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.LoginActivity
 com.example.tazpitapp.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.LoginActivity$1$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.LoginActivity$1$1$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.tazpitapp.LoginActivity$3
 com.example.tazpitapp.LoginActivity$3$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.LoginActivity$3$1$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.LoginActivity$3$1$2
 com.example.tazpitapp.LoginActivity$3$2
com/example/tazpitapp/Range.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.Range
com/example/tazpitapp/SceneriosDetailFragment.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosDetailFragment
com/example/tazpitapp/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 com.example.tazpitapp.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
com/example/tazpitapp/SceneriosListActivity.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosListActivity
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosListActivity$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosListActivity$2
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosListActivity$3
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosListActivity$FirestoreCallback
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosListActivity$SimpleItemRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosListActivity$SimpleItemRecyclerViewAdapter$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosListActivity$SimpleItemRecyclerViewAdapter$2
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosListActivity$SimpleItemRecyclerViewAdapter$2$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.SceneriosListActivity$SimpleItemRecyclerViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/tazpitapp/backgroundService.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.backgroundService
 com.example.tazpitapp.backgroundService$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.backgroundService$1$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.backgroundService$2
com/example/tazpitapp/dayTime.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.dayTime
com/example/tazpitapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.BuildConfig
com/example/tazpitapp/SetActivity.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.SetActivity
 com.example.tazpitapp.SetActivity$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.SetActivity$2
 com.example.tazpitapp.SetActivity$3
 com.example.tazpitapp.SetActivity$4
 com.example.tazpitapp.SetActivity$5
 com.example.tazpitapp.SetActivity$6
 com.example.tazpitapp.SetActivity$7
 com.example.tazpitapp.SetActivity$8
 com.example.tazpitapp.SetActivity$9
com/example/tazpitapp/fillReport.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.fillReport
 com.example.tazpitapp.fillReport$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.fillReport$2
 com.example.tazpitapp.fillReport$2$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.fillReport$3
 com.example.tazpitapp.fillReport$4
 com.example.tazpitapp.fillReport$4$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.fillReport$4$2
 com.example.tazpitapp.fillReport$5
 com.example.tazpitapp.fillReport$6
com/example/tazpitapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.MainActivity
 com.example.tazpitapp.MainActivity$1
com/example/tazpitapp/register.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.register
 com.example.tazpitapp.register$register1
 com.example.tazpitapp.register$register1$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.register$register1$2
 com.example.tazpitapp.register$register2
 com.example.tazpitapp.register$register2$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.register$register2$2
 com.example.tazpitapp.register$register3
 com.example.tazpitapp.register$register3$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.register$register3$1$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.register$register3$2
 com.example.tazpitapp.register$register3$2$1
com/example/tazpitapp/SignUp.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.SignUp
 com.example.tazpitapp.SignUp$1
com/example/tazpitapp/assistClasses/DummyContent.java
 com.example.tazpitapp.assistClasses.DummyContent
 com.example.tazpitapp.assistClasses.DummyContent$1
 com.example.tazpitapp.assistClasses.DummyContent$DummyItem
